When animating or setting opacity in IE 6, 7 and 8, text loses it's ClearType antialiasing. This is due to Microsoft's implementation of their filters, which are used to achieve opacity manipulation. The way to restore the ClearType antialiasing on text is to simply remove the filter attribute from the elements style: <code>elem.style.removeAttribute('filter)</code>. This monkey patch hijacks the <code>animate</code> and <code>css</code> methods, inserting a test to check the value of the element's opacity after said function has completed executing. If the element's opacity value is 1 or 0, the filter attribute is automatically removed, restoring the ClearType antialiasing in IE. Also, due to the fact that the <code>animate</code> method is used to implement the <code>fadeIn</code>, <code>fadeOut</code> and <code>fadeTo</code> methods, the ClearType issue is fixed in these methods as well. 

This bug has been outstanding in jQuery for years and has had countless tickets created for it. As far as I can tell, it's being blocked by the fact that Microsoft supports a handful of ridiculous filters -- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms532853(v=VS.85).aspx -- and if you remove the filter attribute from an element, you could be removing other filters along with opacity. In my opinion, if you're using filters other than <code>alpha(opacity=N)</code> or _maybe_ <code>AlphaImageLoader</code>, you're doing it wrong.
Relevant links:

[http://blog.bmn.name/2008/03/jquery-fadeinfadeout-ie-cleartype-glitch/](http://blog.bmn.name/2008/03/jquery-fadeinfadeout-ie-cleartype-glitch/)

